# 1.2.0 - Initial Public Release

This is the first publicly released version of the mod. It was used privately before this and I didn't make terribly detailed changelogs.

-   Improved the mod greatly so it has more precise modifications to entities. The mod now targets AI, collisions and movement, rather than preventing all interactions with the entity. This fixes various issues such as mobs not despawning, taking damage when shot at, etc. This means you now only need the totem of ticking if your farm requires the entity to move, as things such as cooldowns and events will still happen on the entity. E.g. a chicken will now lay eggs if out of ticking range, but cannot move, but a bee farm would require entities to move, so it will require a totem.
-   Mobs participating in a raid are now exempt from ticking rules. This is configurable.
-   Added some modded mobs to the default exemption list. E.g. create packages, SNR conductors and minecolonies citizens.
-   Fixed a bug where mobs could occasionally launch into the stratosphere upon coming into ticking range due to their momentum accumulating while not ticking.
-   You can now see the range of the totem of ticking by sneak clicking it.
-   Updated recipe for totem of ticking. You now get 2 for each craft and it now uses a stone slab instead of smooth stone slab.
-   Added integration with Jade to show if an entity is frozen.
-   Added Ponder integration to the mod.
-   Fixed a bug where only one Totem of Ticking could be active within a chunk when reloading the chunk.
